So let us look at some of the tools and applications that you will get
familiar or maybe you already know that we'll be using throughout this course.
quen thuộc hoặc có thể bạn đã biết rằng chúng tôi sẽ sử dụng trong suốt khóa học này.
So first, we will be using some of the tools which are in the standards,
as you would say, toolbox of a Machine Learning Engineer.
như bạn sẽ nói, hộp công cụ của một Kỹ sư học máy.
We will be working with Python version 3.7 and Jupyter notebooks.
Chúng tôi sẽ làm việc với phiên bản Python 3.7 và sổ ghi chép Jupyter.
We'll be working with PyTorch version 1.3.
Chúng tôi sẽ làm việc với PyTorch phiên bản 1.3.
We'll be working with NumPy as of early 2020 version 1.18 is the latest one.
Chúng tôi sẽ làm việc với NumPy kể từ đầu năm 2020, phiên bản 1.18 là phiên bản mới nhất.
You'll get exposure into some of the imaging tools which are specific
Bạn sẽ được tiếp xúc với một số công cụ hình ảnh cụ thể
to medical imaging workflows and 3D medical imaging workflows.
quy trình công việc hình ảnh y tế và quy trình hình ảnh y tế 3D.
This would be a variety of different viewers such as MicroDicom,
Đây sẽ là nhiều loại người xem khác nhau, chẳng hạn như MicroDicom,
RadiAnt, and 3D Slicer.
RadiAnt và 3D Slicer.
3D Slicer is a large software package show which is very popular in
3D Slicer là một chương trình gói phần mềm lớn rất phổ biến trong
biomedical research and advanced thing and you'll get a glimpse into what it's like.
nghiên cứu y sinh và những thứ tiên tiến và bạn sẽ có cái nhìn thoáng qua về nó như thế nào.
We will look at some of the tools which are used
to simulate clinical network environments.
để mô phỏng môi trường mạng lâm sàng.
These would be tools like software for
Đây sẽ là những công cụ giống như phần mềm cho
medical database or packs simulation called Orthang.
cơ sở dữ liệu y tế hoặc mô phỏng gói được gọi là Orthang.
This would be tools for simulating the medical imaging
Đây sẽ là công cụ để mô phỏng hình ảnh y tế
web-based or zero footprint as they're called, viewers called OHIF.
We will look at the Swiss army knife of
Chúng ta sẽ xem xét con dao quân đội Thụy Sĩ của
a medical image network administrator called DCMTK.
quản trị viên mạng hình ảnh y tế được gọi là DCMTK.
So this is the tool set that you'll be working with
Vì vậy, đây là bộ công cụ mà bạn sẽ làm việc với
and this brings us to the close of the introductory lesson.
Again, we're excited to have you here and we
Một lần nữa, chúng tôi rất vui khi có bạn ở đây và chúng tôi
hope that you will learn a lot from going through this course.
There's a real need for people who are able to
cross-specialties and have a knowledge of both the medical side of things,
đa chuyên khoa và có kiến ​​thức về cả khía cạnh y tế của mọi thứ,
and the technical know-how,
và bí quyết kỹ thuật,
and be able to communicate with cross-disciplinary groups.
và có thể giao tiếp với các nhóm đa ngành.
So we're excited to share this information with you. Let's get started.
Vì vậy, chúng tôi rất vui được chia sẻ thông tin này với bạn. Bắt đầu nào.